How are you feeling after drinking Zeyuan?
Not the same as before?
Why are you so hopeless? You even got a hat card from me?
What? Don’t like me?
What can I do?
Do you like Central?
Too soft? What do you think?
Do you have any share of the remaining children?
Nothing matters to you?
I've arranged everything for you.
This time Zeyuan goes on a business trip, you accompany her.
Thank you mom.
Brother, wait for me! I heard that the restaurant in Jinjiang is very delicious!
Can you go with me later?
I have no appetite, go on your own.
Brother, what happened when I went to the first level to do the second level?
Even if you can't remember it, it matters.
I will wait until the day you remember